docs/framer-iframe-snapshot-guide.md, before:

---
title: Framer Plugin Iframe Snapshot Guide
description: Step-by-step instructions to open the Framer MCP plugin iframe and run accessibilitySnapshot on it.
prompt: |
  Create a concise step-by-step guide to open the Framer plugin iframe and
  verify accessibilitySnapshot on that iframe using playwriter CLI. Include the
  exact Framer project URL and the plugins.framercdn iframe URL. Also document
  the Command+K workflow to open the MCP plugin: press Command+K, search for MCP
  in the command palette, press Enter, then wait ~1 second for the iframe to
  appear. Reference any files read for context.

  Sources:
  - @/Users/morse/Documents/GitHub/playwriter/tmp/session-ses_437d9a10bffeFmy3k3hVcAFZnf.md
  - @/Users/morse/Documents/GitHub/playwriter/tmp/session-ses_43807a563ffe1tCS0FWK79IpcV.md
---

## Step-by-step

- Open the Framer project URL in Chrome:
  https://framer.com/projects/unframer-source--XOxwdyyCrFEE9uKnKFPq-6gX7n?node=augiA20Il

- Wait for the editor UI to finish loading (toolbar visible) before opening the command palette.

- Press Command+K to open the command palette.

- Verify the palette is open (look for the command dialog and MCP entry in the snapshot output):
```bash
playwriter -s 1 -e "console.log(await accessibilitySnapshot({ page, search: /dialog|Search…|MCP/ }));"
```

- Search for **MCP**, press Enter, then wait about 1 second for the plugin iframe to appear.

- Verify the plugin iframe exists (should include `plugins.framercdn.com`):
```bash
playwriter -s 1 -e "const iframes = await page.locator('iframe').all(); for (const f of iframes) { console.log(await f.getAttribute('src')); }"
```

- Wait until the MCP iframe is present (verifies the action worked):
```bash
playwriter -s 1 -e "const iframe = page.locator(\"iframe[src*='plugins.framercdn.com']\"); await iframe.first().waitFor({ timeout: 10000 }); console.log('iframe ready');"
```

- Grab the iframe’s locator by URL:
```bash
playwriter -s 1 -e "const iframe = page.locator(\"iframe[src*='plugins.framercdn.com']\"); console.log(await iframe.count());"
```

- Run the accessibility snapshot on that iframe:
```bash
playwriter -s 1 -e "const frame = await page.locator(\"iframe[src*='plugins.framercdn.com']\").contentFrame(); console.log(await accessibilitySnapshot({ page, frame }));"
```

- Validate the snapshot contains MCP UI text (confirms the panel is actually loaded):
```bash
playwriter -s 1 -e "const frame = await page.locator(\"iframe[src*='plugins.framercdn.com']\").contentFrame(); console.log(await accessibilitySnapshot({ page, frame, search: /Control Framer with MCP|Login With Google/ }));"
```

## Expected iframe URL

- https://nw12xtr7iedsczg1le9s9pqfl.plugins.framercdn.com/?mode=canvas

Commit message:

feat: reuse Playwright's internal CDP session instead of creating new WebSocket connections
Switch from getCDPSessionForPage (creates a new WS via Target.attachToTarget)
to getExistingCDPSessionForPage which reuses Playwright's internal CRSession.
This is critical for the relay server where Target.attachToTarget is intercepted
and cannot create real new sessions.

Also add FrameLocator support in accessibilitySnapshot — FrameLocator (from
locator.contentFrame()) is now auto-resolved to the real Frame object needed
for OOPIF CDP session attachment.

- New PlaywrightCDPSessionAdapter wrapping Playwright's CDPSession as ICDPSession
- New getExistingCDPSessionForPage() using context.getExistingCDPSession()
- resolveFrame() helper converts FrameLocator to Frame via elementHandle().contentFrame()
- getAriaSnapshot() frame param now accepts Frame | FrameLocator
- Executor CDP cache uses ICDPSession, borrowed sessions detach as no-op
- Test for getExistingCDPSession through the relay
- Updated framer iframe guide with alternative page.frames() example
- Bump playwright submodule to @xmorse/playwright-core@1.59.2
- Fix styles-api.md import path

docs/framer-iframe-snapshot-guide.md, after:

---
title: Framer Plugin Iframe Snapshot Guide
description: Step-by-step instructions to open the Framer MCP plugin iframe and run accessibilitySnapshot on it.
prompt: |
  Create a concise step-by-step guide to open the Framer plugin iframe and
  verify accessibilitySnapshot on that iframe using playwriter CLI. Include the
  exact Framer project URL and the plugins.framercdn iframe URL. Also document
  the Command+K workflow to open the MCP plugin: press Command+K, search for MCP
  in the command palette, press Enter, then wait ~1 second for the iframe to
  appear. Reference any files read for context.

  Sources:
  - @/Users/morse/Documents/GitHub/playwriter/tmp/session-ses_437d9a10bffeFmy3k3hVcAFZnf.md
  - @/Users/morse/Documents/GitHub/playwriter/tmp/session-ses_43807a563ffe1tCS0FWK79IpcV.md
---

## Step-by-step

- Open the Framer project URL in Chrome:
  https://framer.com/projects/unframer-source--XOxwdyyCrFEE9uKnKFPq-6gX7n?node=augiA20Il

- Wait for the editor UI to finish loading (toolbar visible) before opening the command palette.

- Press Command+K to open the command palette.

- Verify the palette is open (look for the command dialog and MCP entry in the snapshot output):
```bash
playwriter -s 1 -e "console.log(await accessibilitySnapshot({ page, search: /dialog|Search…|MCP/ }));"
```

- Search for **MCP**, press Enter, then wait about 1 second for the plugin iframe to appear.

- Verify the plugin iframe exists (should include `plugins.framercdn.com`):
```bash
playwriter -s 1 -e "const iframes = await page.locator('iframe').all(); for (const f of iframes) { console.log(await f.getAttribute('src')); }"
```

- Wait until the MCP iframe is present (verifies the action worked):
```bash
playwriter -s 1 -e "const iframe = page.locator(\"iframe[src*='plugins.framercdn.com']\"); await iframe.first().waitFor({ timeout: 10000 }); console.log('iframe ready');"
```

- Grab the iframe’s locator by URL:
```bash
playwriter -s 1 -e "const iframe = page.locator(\"iframe[src*='plugins.framercdn.com']\"); console.log(await iframe.count());"
```

- Run the accessibility snapshot on that iframe using `contentFrame()` (FrameLocator is auto-resolved to Frame):
```bash
playwriter -s 1 -e "const frame = await page.locator(\"iframe[src*='plugins.framercdn.com']\").contentFrame(); console.log(await accessibilitySnapshot({ page, frame }));"
```

- Alternative: use `page.frames()` to get the Frame directly:
```bash
playwriter -s 1 -e "const frame = page.frames().find(f => f.url().includes('plugins.framercdn.com')); console.log(await accessibilitySnapshot({ page, frame }));"
```

- Validate the snapshot contains MCP UI text (confirms the panel is actually loaded):
```bash
playwriter -s 1 -e "const frame = await page.locator(\"iframe[src*='plugins.framercdn.com']\").contentFrame(); console.log(await accessibilitySnapshot({ page, frame, search: /Control Framer with MCP|Login With Google/ }));"
```

## Expected iframe URL

- https://nw12xtr7iedsczg1le9s9pqfl.plugins.framercdn.com/?mode=canvas
